docs: WriteAPI EventHandler (#355)
influxdata/influxdb-client-csharp: Client/README.md

### Handle the Events

Events that can be handle by WriteAPI EventHandler are:
- `WriteSuccessEvent` - for success response from server
- `WriteErrorEvent` - for unhandled exception from server
- `WriteRetriableErrorEvent` - for retriable error from server
- `WriteRuntimeExceptionEvent` - for runtime exception in background batch processing

> Number of events depends on number of data point to collect in batch Batch option in WriteAPI (default setting is 1000) - in case 
> of one data point in batch option, event is handled for each point, independently on used writing method (even for mass writing of data like 
> `WriteMeasurements`, `WritePoints` and `WriteRecords`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of events depends on number of data points to collect in batch. The batch size is configured by `BatchSize` option (default size is `1000`) - in case 
of one data point, event is handled for each point, independently on used writing method (even for mass writing of data like 
`WriteMeasurements`, `WritePoints` and `WriteRecords`). 
```

            // handle unhandled exception from server
            //
            // Console.WriteLine($"{data}");
            // throw new Exception(errorMessage);
            //
            break;
        case WriteRetriableErrorEvent error:
            string data = @error.LineProtocol;
            string errorMessage = @error.Exception.Message;
            //
            // handle retrievable error from server
            //
            // Console.WriteLine($"{data}");
            // throw new Exception(errorMessage);
            //
            break;
        case WriteRuntimeExceptionEvent error:
            string errorMessage = @error.Exception.Message;
            //
            // handle runtime exception in background batch processing
            // throw new Exception(errorMessage);
            //
            break;
    }
};

//
// Write by LineProtocol
//
writeApi.WriteRecord("influxPoint,writeType=lineProtocol value=11.11" +
    $" {DateTime.UtcNow.Subtract(EpochStart).Ticks * 100}", WritePrecision.Ns, "my-bucket", "my-org");
```

#### Custom EventListener

Advantage of using custom Event Listener is possibility of waiting on handled event between different writings.

> ```csharp
> internal class EventListener

Reviewer: Please remove the **Custom EventListener** from`README.md`... it is too much complicated. The link to the example will be fine.

```suggestion
```
